As I stand down as Leader, I also want to thank you for all the support you have given the party, and me personally, over the last four and a half years.
It's the duty of opposition parties to hold the government to account, and that is exactly what we're doing.
Thank you to all our NHS staff, carers and keyworkers who are working so hard to save lives and combat coronavirus.
Public health experts, NHS staff and the @WHO are saying we need to test more & contact trace. It’s time for a National Testing Strategy otherwise ministers must explain how they expect to avoid cycles of lockdown.
Almost a million people have applied for Universal Credit in two weeks. Normally it's 100,000. The government needs to provide the DWP with extra resources so it can process applications, end the 5 week wait and raise benefit levels so they are enough to live on.
@JeremyCorbyn has stood with CWU members before he was Labour Party leader and still does now. Here is a message of support from Jeremy for postal workers across the country:
COVID-19 has brought rail franchising to an abrupt end, yet there’s been an acknowledgment for some time that the system’s broken. When we come through this crisis, we must think about the long-term future. To that end I’ve published Labour’s White Paper. 
There are still issues with personal protective equipment getting to our frontline workers in the #coronaviruscrisis - it has to get to where it is needed as I said on ⁦
I've written to the Prime Minister with a plan for immediate action to improve the safety of our NHS and care workers - with full PPE and testing, for the protection of themselves and the public.
The test for our society is whether we come through this strengthened, with greater solidarity forged in the heat of a crisis; or whether we emerge diminished.
This virus spreads rapidly. Our NHS staff have been phenomenal. We need:Ramped up community testing & contact tracing. Adequate supplies of PPE for NHS & care staff. Scaled up critical care capacity including more ventilators.  Clear guidance for workers to stay home. #Marr
We must learn lessons and ensure that, in future, our society is defined by solidarity and compassion, not insecurity and fear.
Concerning to hear reports from workers that the @ASOS warehouse in Barnsley was visited by three ambulances yesterday. @GMB_Union are right to say: this can't go on. ASOS bosses must make their workplace safe - or shut up shop.
"I know colleagues in more affluent schools who have parents emailing for university-level extension tasks. Here the calls are about food vouchers. The coronavirus has made the societal differences across the country more glaring."
Our health depends on the health of our neighbour.
I wish the Prime Minister a speedy recovery and hope his family are safe and healthy. Coronavirus can and does affect anyone. Everyone be safe. Our own health depends on everybody else.
Incredible show of appreciation and solidarity for our NHS staff on my street and streets across the country tonight.
We must recognise the workers all over the world who are forced to put their lives at risk in appalling conditions doing vital work, for so little. This exploitation must end. Human rights are universal, not just for the few.
My last speech in the Chamber as Shadow Chancellor on the need for further government action to assist people in the Coronavirus outbreak:
Tackling coronavirus takes a commitment by all of us to work together. But the Government's announcements so far exclude four groups of vulnerable workers, including the self-employed. The confusion has gone on long enough. People need clarity & security:
Solidarity is what will see us through this crisis.
Who are we least able to do without in a crisis – the refuse collectors and cleaners or the billionaires?
Coronavirus will not be solved by those driven by private profit. It will be solved by the bravery of NHS workers on the frontline. By communities coming together in all their diversity.By the Government taking bold action in the interests of all.
This is scandalous. The govt has broken its promise to renters. Last week, they promised a "complete ban" on all evictions. Today, families are turfed onto the street. We need a real ban on all evictions & rent suspension for those struggling to pay.
At my last #PMQs, I paid tribute to those working to combat coronavirus.
This is a construction site in Leicester today. This isn’t social distancing. Why won’t the government tell this firm to send its workers home NOW for their protection #StayAtHomeSaveLives
Spot on.
People are waiting for hours on the #UniversalCredit helpline or placed up to 78,000th in an online queue. Cuts of nearly 50,000 staff from the DWP since 2010 have created a failing system even before this crisis. People need financial security if they're expected to stay home.
To suppress and defeat the virus we need to ramp up testing and contact tracing as the World Health Organisation advise.
More than 20,000 people live in Camp Moria in Greece. It was built to accommodate only 3,000. Quarantine, hand-washing and social-distancing are essential at this moment. But this simply isn't possible in many refugee camps. Sign the petition:
All workers – both employed and self-employed – should have their wages protected.
Brilliant to see many people, like @NadiaWhittomeMP, going back to work to support their communities. They are making the difference - and showing how together we can overcome this crisis.
Even the Health Secretary, Matt Hancock, admitted he couldn't survive on £94 a week Statutory Sick Pay that self-employed people are supposed to live on. The government is protecting incomes for employees. It must do the same for self-employed, agency and zero hours workers.
“What can we do? Sit here and watch the residents die because staff are not getting the help they need?" Shocking news from Hove. Today we have asked the government to come forward with a clear and comprehensive plan for social care.
We welcome measures which ensure people stay at home, protect our NHS and save lives. But workers need security, and we need more testing of NHS staff and in the community.
I appealed personally to Boris Johnson to act to enforce social distancing earlier today & so I welcome his announcement tonight.Let’s now all work together on the detail of how this will be implemented effectively,which workplaces remain open & financial support for all affected
The Prime Minister is right to call for people to stay at home, protect our NHS and save lives.
NEW We've finally had the Government's amendment to the Coronavirus Bill spelling out its proposals on evictions, and I'm afraid it's now clear Boris Johnson has broken his promise to the country's 20 million renters 1/4 
We need enforced social distancing. We need protective kit for our NHS staff. And we need testing to happen on a mass scale.
Today I spoke with the leader of Islington Council, @RichardWatts01, and Chief Executive about the work being done across the borough to combat coronavirus and support residents impacted by it. Thank you to all the council workers, NHS staff and volunteers working so tirelessly.
We urge the Chancellor @RishiSunak to set out plans to support the incomes of the self-employed and freelancers, and to raise the level of Statutory Sick Pay to a level that people can live on.
Every part of society has its part to play.
Coronavirus Bill - Religious Concerns Burial/Cremation Amendment Over 100 MPs have signed my Amendment, but we need more support. Please share and contact your MP, if they are not listed below 👇🏾 I need your support! 
Many thousands of elderly people are at risk – not just from coronavirus, but from wider neglect, as services struggle to cope.
During the coronavirus outbreak, we all need the best and most up-to-date advice on what we should do to protect ourselves and others. Follow Public Health England  @PHE_uk for the latest updates from our health professionals on COVID-19 
Government advice has created public confusion and too many have failed to carry out social distancing. The government must urgently enforce social distancing and greater social protection. This will keep you safe, your loved ones safe, take pressure off our NHS and save lives.
The government's measures would leave five million self-employed and gig economy workers with just £94.25 a week sick pay. This is simply not enough. Those without a fixed wage must not be left to suffer.
1. Labour as the opposition will continue to try and support the Government’s response to the Covid 19 emergency as best we can. #covid19
This morning I have written to @MattHancock to express our deep concern about the measures in the Coronavirus Bill on #socialcare. Labour has tabled amendments to require local authorities to continue to meet care needs where practicable.
On Friday night I did a live zoom call with local GP, Dr Alistair Blair, to discuss everything to do with the  #Coronavirus pandemic. Wansbeck constituents sent their questions to me & I put them to Dr Blair so he could give advice. Watch here Downwards arrow
4. We urge the government to make immediate preparations for the next stage and learn lessons from other European nations. If voluntary social distancing measures are not adhered to, the government must bring forward their plans for stronger action.
This is why we need a properly funded NHS. 
Boris Johnson should provide economic security for everyone to get through this. That means much more help for the self-employed, renters and workers, improved social security and an increase in sick pay, which the Health Secretary has admitted isn't currently enough to live on.
Truly inspiring to see all the incredible young poets who are taking to the #DigitalStage on #WorldPoetryDay, as  @Eastsidelondon host its #knowwishwill event. Let's listen to our future generations. Watch and share here: https://eastside.org.uk/i-know-i-wish-i-will/digital-stage
I welcome the Chancellor’s shift in direction but unfortunately it’s not far enough or fast enough.
This afternoon I’ve written to the Health Secretary asking for clarity on scaling up testing & contact tracing, speeded up access to PPE for health/care staff and what action will be taken to enforce the vital and urgent social distancing measures that are now needed. #COVID19
Coronavirus exploits ambivalence. Confused briefings and lack of clarity undermine the social distancing measures needed. It’s now time for firmer action from government.
Our #coronavirus plan to protect wages, welfare and well-being: 1) Guarantee wages so no workers or the self-employed lose their jobs 2) Increase sick pay to a rate you can live on 3) Raise benefit levels 4) Ensure no business is left to fail
I appreciate Health Secretary Matt Hancock’s honesty that he couldn't live on statutory sick pay. I hope he'll agree that it needs to be increased to a real living wage, wages need to be guaranteed, social security levels lifted and business grants extended.
Labour has a plan to secure everybody’s wages, welfare and wellbeing. The government needs to take it up.
The Government’s been too slow responding to coronavirus & its impact on our economy & people’s lives. Labour has a plan to keep people in work involving the state covering bulk of wages of people at risk of losing jobs. Now the Govt. needs to take it up:
The Windrush Generation came here to rebuild this country.
We’ve answered some common questions about #coronavirus symptoms, staying at home, and what to do if you live with a vulnerable person. Visit our website for more up to date information: http://nhs.uk/coronavirus
Brilliant to see @GG_Hospitality protecting its workers and offering its rooms to NHS workers. My respect to @GNev2 and so many others around the country putting people before profit.
I've written to the PM about his emergency legislation. For Labour support, we need: 1. A fresh vote on the legislation every 6 months 2. Guarantees on jobs, incomes, sick pay and increased Universal Credit 3. Rent suspension for those affected and a 6-month ban on evictions
The poorest and the most vulnerable paid the highest price for austerity. We cannot allow them to pay the highest price for the #COVID19 crisis as well.
We send our heartfelt appreciation to the NHS staff combatting coronavirus, and to public servants, postal workers and cleaners providing vital support. And we thank people working around the clock to stock our shops and warehouses. You are getting us through this crisis.
Generations to come will look back on this moment and judge us on the actions we take now.
Our NHS staff are battling to protect us, government must protect them: From goggles, gowns, gloves, masks and thermometers we need adequate PPE for all staff across secondary & primary care. Testing must be scaled up urgently for staff. #covid19UK
Our work today will focus on getting government to bring forward an effective package of measures to protect wages for workers laid off, sick & self isolating, self employed and renters. We will try to convince the government not to delay & give people the security they need now.