Incredibly powerful to hear first-hand accounts from key workers on the front line today. They are the best of our country and the Government must do all it can to protect them.
Thank you to everyone who observed a minute’s silence to remember our transport workers who lost their lives to coronavirus.
Every week as millions of us stand on our doorsteps to clap our carers and key workers it is an emotional moment of profound thanks to those who are keeping our country going, putting their health and lives at risk for others. #ClapForOurCarers
Tonight we go out to clap for our carers and key workers - those who are putting their lives at risk to keep us safe. When this pandemic is over, we can’t go back to business as usual with people left underpaid and undervalued. We owe them more than that.
I fully support the Government’s decision to extend the lockdown. The priority now must be to ensure we see a ramp up in testing, that staff get the PPE they desperately need and more is done to protect our care homes from the virus.
We also need clarity about what plans are being put in place to lift the lockdown when the time is right.
Join us tomorrow at 11am in a minute's silence for our London bus driver colleagues lost to #COVID19
Looking forward to working with you all!
Incredible. Thank you for all you’ve done for our country, @captaintommoore and thank you to all who have donated.
The pressures facing our councils during the coronavirus are immense.  The Government must do more to listen to them and ensure they get the support they need.
I've just hosted a call with over 100 local government leaders to discuss the front line response to coronavirus and listening to the challenges they’re facing. They need more PPE, they need more testing and they need sight of the Government’s exit strategy.
Today we remember the 96 who lost their lives 31 years ago, as well as the bravery, dignity and resilience of the Hillsborough families in their fight for justice. You’ll never walk alone.
I urge the government to publish their exit strategy. Millions of people are playing their part. In return, the government needs to be open and transparent with the public about how it believes the lockdown will ease and eventually end. My letter to @DominicRaab
I was pleased to meet with business leaders from. Very constructive discussions about defeating the coronavirus & ensuring a strong economic recovery. I look forward to working together with them on this.
I would like to wish Tamil and Sinhala communities a very happy new year. I also want to extend my thanks to all of you who are on the front line in the fight against coronavirus, whether in the NHS or a key worker, you are serving our country and are the very best of us.
Care homes are on the front line of this crisis. The Government should include those who sadly die in care homes in their daily reporting numbers and ensure that all care staff have the protective equipment they need.
The faces of those who gave their lives to keep us safe. The Government must provide our frontline staff with the equipment they desperately need.
Happy Vaisakhi to all those celebrating. I’ve seen first-hand the vital work that gurdwaras and other Sikh organisations across the country are doing in their communities at this difficult time. Thank you.
There are countless other organisations doing incredible work in difficult circumstances. The government funding announced for charities this week is a welcome first step but more is needed to ensure they don’t have to close their doors at this vital time. Follow @ncvo for info.
If you’re able to donate, there are many charities that need our support, such as @CPAGUK. Local initiatives like @camdengiving (who’ve raised over £163k for local projects) really do make a huge difference. To all CVS organisations and communities, thank you!
If you suffer from lung disease (e.g. COPD) or asthma, @lunguk and @asthmauk are creating some really useful advice: http://blf.org.uk/support-for-you/coronavirus
@UKScouting has created hundreds of free activities to make sure children continue to develop skills and stay active at home called #TheGreatIndoors.
@HealingJusticeLDN has created mental and physical health support for marginalised communities. http://healingjusticeldn.org
At this difficult time charities across the UK have gone above and beyond to assist, support and offer comfort to communities during #Covid19. I’d like to thank them for their efforts and share some examples of those I have spoken to recently. [Thread]
@actnforchildren are supporting some of the most vulnerable during this crisis, and have developed advice and guidance for families including 1-1 support from experienced parenting coaches.
During the lockdown, it’s so important to keep mentally and physically healthy. To combat loneliness @TheCaresFamily has released an #AloneTogether activity pack created by young people to help older neighbours stay connected.
Heartbreaking that we have now had more than 10,000 coronavirus deaths in the UK. We must remember the people behind the numbers. Every one is a tragedy, every one is a family shattered. #StayHomeSaveLives
It’s a scandal our Government has failed to ensure there’s enough PPE reaching frontline health and social care workers, let alone other key workers responding to #COVID19. We must now work with international partners to overcome these challenges.
I understand that the Government’s trying to rise to the challenge, but we’ve seen a real issue about protective equipment with the Government saying one thing and the frontline saying another. There must be proper, Parliamentary scrutiny of the decisions being made. #Ridge
Happy Easter to all celebrating. It will be very different this year with churches closed, families separated and people anxious about the future. We will get through this, and when we do so, we must do it with a vision of a changed and a better society.
At this time of national emergency, we need a functioning Parliament to hold ministers to account on their response to the coronavirus.  There are too many questions that have gone unanswered. There is no substitute for scrutiny.
It is quite frankly insulting to imply frontline staff are wasting PPE. There are horrific stories of NHS staff and care workers not having the equipment they need to keep them safe.  The Government must act to ensure supplies are delivered.
Today, I wrote to @MattHancock urging him to publish daily figures of deaths outside hospitals, incl in care homes. This is essential to understanding the true scale of problem and ensuring all care workers get the PPE & tests we need to save lives
The Government is right to urge everyone to stay at home, but if they are to keep the public’s trust we need to see more transparency.  That’s why I have urged the Government to publish its exit strategy so people know how this lockdown will end.
Thank you to our frontline police officers who are working to keep the public safe in the most difficult of circumstances through the #coronavirus:
When we get through this – and we will get through this – it will be because of our NHS staff, our care workers, our ambulance drivers, our emergency services, our cleaners, our porters. They are the best of us.
Another fantastic tribute to our NHS staff and care workers. Thank you. #ClapForCarers
This is good news. I hope it is the beginnings of a speedy recovery.
I’m calling on the Government to publish its exit strategy. I’m not calling for precise timings, but the strategy. This is incredibly difficult on people and we need to know that plans are in place, and what they are.
20 years today since the death of my predecessor in Parliament and all-round Tottenham legend Bernie Grant. He was a pioneering campaigner for social justice and equality. His legacy will never be forgotten ✊🏿
Thank you for such a warm and welcoming conversation earlier today. Mosques across the country have taken a leading role in their communities at such a difficult time by facilitating support for those in need and by supporting social distancing measures. Thank you.
Thank you for your time this morning. The church has shown real leadership and compassion by following social distancing guidelines and closing its churches. This is a difficult decision that I know has not been taken lightly but it will save lives - thank you.
As you prepare to celebrate the festival of Passover, I send my warmest wishes to the Jewish community. May this Passover bring hope at a time of darkness and may it not be long before we have the opportunity to celebrate together once more. Chag Sameach.
Domestic abuse services are under extraordinary pressure in this crisis. In the sprit of providing responsible opposition, I’ve written to the Home Secretary on the need for urgent action to support the sector, offering to do what we can to help:
To all our key workers and to everyone doing their bit – thank you. #StayHomeSaveLives
Today we met with our new Labour leader and deputy leader, @Keir_Starmer and @AngelaRayner, to discuss the issues that matter to our members and working together to rid our Party of antisemitism.
I will leave no stone left unturned in the fight against antisemitism. That is my promise to the Jewish community. My piece for @StandardNews and @jewishchron.
All of our thoughts are with the Prime Minister and his family at this difficult time. This is a national crisis and the Labour Party will act in the national interest, working constructively with the government.
Terribly sad news. All the country’s thoughts are with the Prime Minister and his family during this incredibly difficult time.
Check out our new #ShadowCabinet Rose Alongside yesterday's announcements of @AnnelieseDodds, @lisanandy, @NickTorfaen, @RachelReevesMP, @JonAshworth, Nick Brown and @LadyBasildon, the following will be part of @Keir_Starmer and @AngelaRayner’s team. Read this Down pointing backhand indexRose
I’m pleased that @Keir_Starmer has asked me to continue in my shadow cabinet role as Shadow Minister for Young People and Voter Engagement.
Delighted to be called by @Keir_Starmer earlier and to have been asked to join the Shadow Cabinet as the Shadow Minister for Mental Health, working with the fab @JonAshworth. I’ll be back on the NHS frontline in coming days!
I am delighted to accept Keir Starmer’s invitation to join his Shadow Cabinet as Shadow Secretary of State for Employment Rights.
I am very pleased our leader @Keir_Starmer appointed me Shadow Secretary of State for Housing. I'm wistful to be leaving @labourwhips but  to serve the country and the Labour party in the Shadow Cabinet is a huge honour and I'm proud to be getting on with the work already.
I'm delighted, and humbled to be joining the Shadow Cabinet as Shadow Transport Secretary. It's an exciting time to serve our movement. Loved my time as Shadow Minister for Local Government, thanks to my former bosses @GwynneMP @tpearce003 and @LGA_Labour @LabourCllrs #Labour
Honoured to be appointed Shadow Local Gov Secretary at a time when councillors and council workers are responding so heroically to coronavirus – our councils are the best of Labour, so proud to work with you all again
I’ve spoken to @Keir_Starmer today and have accepted his offer to continue as Shadow Environment Secretary. We need a greater focus on food issues and I will keep making constructive suggestions to Defra Ministers to keep food on shelves and jobs in the supply chain. 
Delighted to be Shadow AG in @Keir_Starmer Shadow Cabinet.   Time to do everything to help country defeat Covid-19 and rebuild.
Delighted to be back in the new Shadow Cabinet. @Keir_Starmer will be wonderful to work with. Lots of work to be done. Thank you to everyone for their support.
I am honoured to have the opportunity to work in @Keir_Starmer's Shadow Cabinet as Shadow Secretary of State for International Development. I look forward to building on the work of @DanCardenMP and @KateOsamor in speaking up for the world's most marginalised and vulnerable.
Incredibly proud and humbled to be asked by @Keir_Starmer to join the Shadow Cabinet as Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. I know just how big a brief this is to both individuals and the UK economy. Keir has also asked me to be one of his representatives on the NEC
I am delighted to have been appointed Shadow Women and Equalities Secretary.  It will be an honour to serve under @Keir_Starmer. I want to thank my fantastic friend and colleague @DawnButlerBrent for the important work that she has done on this brief.
1.Delighted to be appointed as Shadow Education Secretary by @Keir_Starmer & thanks to the brilliant @AngelaRayner for her work in this role. In this time of crisis I will do my utmost to ensure that our teaching staff, students and their families receive the support they deserve
I’m honoured that Keir Starmer has asked me to serve as Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury. I know our country faces an unprecedented situation caused by the COVID-19 outbreak, with families and businesses in real hardship as a result of this crisis.
Thank you @Keir_Starmer for the opportunity to serve in your strong, inclusive  @UKLabour shadow cabinet as Shadow Secretary of State for Digital Culture Media & Sport, sectors I care passionately about. #COVID19 crisis makes us value even more the everyday pleasures they bring
My statement on being announced as the Shadow Business and Energy Secretary:
Proud to be appointed by @Keir_Starmer to be Labour's Shadow Defence Secretary. Our world-class armed forces keep us safe and are doing a vital job helping the country through the coronavirus pandemic.  Big thanks to my predecessor and friend @NiaGriffithMP for her work.
It is a great honour to be appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Justice, in these very challenging times. Thank you @Keir_Starmer for giving me the chance to serve.
Proud to have appointed a Shadow Cabinet that showcases the breadth, depth & talents of our party. We will be relentlessly focused on acting in the national interest to respond to coronavirus & on rebuilding Labour so that it can win the next election.
Wishing @tony4rochdale a swift and full recovery from coronavirus. Our thoughts are with him, his family and friends at this difficult time.
I want to continue to work with @RishiSunak to make sure that the schemes that have been put in place are delivering the support that is necessary. There are still a lot of people currently who are falling through the gaps so we need to plug them.
We will unite and we will work for the interests of the Scottish people, their public services, their well-being and their prosperity.My piece in the @Daily_Record
Wishing the Prime Minister well and a speedy recovery.
“The pride in who we are is not a part of our past, it defines our present and our future.”  The Queen speaks for the whole country and our determination to defeat the coronavirus. #QueensSpeech
I’m delighted to have been appointed as Shadow Chancellor by the new leader of the Labour Party, Keir Starmer. Many thanks to my friend John McDonnell for his determined and passionate leadership as the previous Shadow Chancellor, & to his excellent staff 1/2
We’re in midst of an unprecedented global health crisis and we must all play our part in helping country & our constituents get through this.  Our NHS & care staff are responding brilliantly & have my total support. Its an honour to continue as Labour’s shadow health secretary.
It is a huge honour to be appointed by @Keir_Starmer to be shadow chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, shadowing the Cabinet Office. I look forward to working with Keir and Team @UKLabour as we provide a constructive opposition at this incredibly difficult time for our country.
Honoured to be appointed @UKLabour Shadow Home Secretary. The immediate task is to focus on the #coronaviruscrisis: as @Keir_Starmer said this morning, we will work constructively with the Government, not scoring political points, but also asking the difficult questions needed
It’s a real honour to be tasked with leading Labour’s foreign policy response in these difficult times. Thank you @Keir_Starmer for the opportunity to serve
Coronavirus is a national emergency. Labour will be constructive in its response, supportive of the government where it is right to do so but will ask the difficult questions. Our purpose when we do that is to save lives and protect our country. 
I want to see the government succeed in defeating the coronavirus, to save lives and protect livelihoods. This is a national effort and all of us should be asking what more we can do.
It’s the honour and privilege of my life to be elected as Leader of the Labour Party. I will lead this great party into a new era, with confidence and hope, so that when the time comes, we can serve our country again – in government.
As I stand down as Leader, I also want to thank you for all the support you have given the party, and me personally, over the last four and a half years.
It's the duty of opposition parties to hold the government to account, and that is exactly what we're doing.
Thank you to all our NHS staff, carers and keyworkers who are working so hard to save lives and combat coronavirus.
Public health experts, NHS staff and the @WHO are saying we need to test more & contact trace. It’s time for a National Testing Strategy otherwise ministers must explain how they expect to avoid cycles of lockdown.
Almost a million people have applied for Universal Credit in two weeks. Normally it's 100,000. The government needs to provide the DWP with extra resources so it can process applications, end the 5 week wait and raise benefit levels so they are enough to live on.
@JeremyCorbyn has stood with CWU members before he was Labour Party leader and still does now. Here is a message of support from Jeremy for postal workers across the country:
COVID-19 has brought rail franchising to an abrupt end, yet there’s been an acknowledgment for some time that the system’s broken. When we come through this crisis, we must think about the long-term future. To that end I’ve published Labour’s White Paper. 
There are still issues with personal protective equipment getting to our frontline workers in the #coronaviruscrisis - it has to get to where it is needed as I said on ⁦
I've written to the Prime Minister with a plan for immediate action to improve the safety of our NHS and care workers - with full PPE and testing, for the protection of themselves and the public.
The test for our society is whether we come through this strengthened, with greater solidarity forged in the heat of a crisis; or whether we emerge diminished.
This virus spreads rapidly. Our NHS staff have been phenomenal. We need:Ramped up community testing & contact tracing. Adequate supplies of PPE for NHS & care staff. Scaled up critical care capacity including more ventilators.  Clear guidance for workers to stay home. #Marr
We must learn lessons and ensure that, in future, our society is defined by solidarity and compassion, not insecurity and fear.
Concerning to hear reports from workers that the @ASOS warehouse in Barnsley was visited by three ambulances yesterday. @GMB_Union are right to say: this can't go on. ASOS bosses must make their workplace safe - or shut up shop.
"I know colleagues in more affluent schools who have parents emailing for university-level extension tasks. Here the calls are about food vouchers. The coronavirus has made the societal differences across the country more glaring."
Our health depends on the health of our neighbour.
I wish the Prime Minister a speedy recovery and hope his family are safe and healthy. Coronavirus can and does affect anyone. Everyone be safe. Our own health depends on everybody else.
Incredible show of appreciation and solidarity for our NHS staff on my street and streets across the country tonight.
We must recognise the workers all over the world who are forced to put their lives at risk in appalling conditions doing vital work, for so little. This exploitation must end. Human rights are universal, not just for the few.
My last speech in the Chamber as Shadow Chancellor on the need for further government action to assist people in the Coronavirus outbreak:
Tackling coronavirus takes a commitment by all of us to work together. But the Government's announcements so far exclude four groups of vulnerable workers, including the self-employed. The confusion has gone on long enough. People need clarity & security:
Solidarity is what will see us through this crisis.
Who are we least able to do without in a crisis – the refuse collectors and cleaners or the billionaires?
Coronavirus will not be solved by those driven by private profit. It will be solved by the bravery of NHS workers on the frontline. By communities coming together in all their diversity.By the Government taking bold action in the interests of all.
This is scandalous. The govt has broken its promise to renters. Last week, they promised a "complete ban" on all evictions. Today, families are turfed onto the street. We need a real ban on all evictions & rent suspension for those struggling to pay.
At my last #PMQs, I paid tribute to those working to combat coronavirus.
This is a construction site in Leicester today. This isn’t social distancing. Why won’t the government tell this firm to send its workers home NOW for their protection #StayAtHomeSaveLives
Spot on.
People are waiting for hours on the #UniversalCredit helpline or placed up to 78,000th in an online queue. Cuts of nearly 50,000 staff from the DWP since 2010 have created a failing system even before this crisis. People need financial security if they're expected to stay home.
To suppress and defeat the virus we need to ramp up testing and contact tracing as the World Health Organisation advise.
More than 20,000 people live in Camp Moria in Greece. It was built to accommodate only 3,000. Quarantine, hand-washing and social-distancing are essential at this moment. But this simply isn't possible in many refugee camps. Sign the petition:
All workers – both employed and self-employed – should have their wages protected.
Brilliant to see many people, like @NadiaWhittomeMP, going back to work to support their communities. They are making the difference - and showing how together we can overcome this crisis.
Even the Health Secretary, Matt Hancock, admitted he couldn't survive on £94 a week Statutory Sick Pay that self-employed people are supposed to live on. The government is protecting incomes for employees. It must do the same for self-employed, agency and zero hours workers.
“What can we do? Sit here and watch the residents die because staff are not getting the help they need?" Shocking news from Hove. Today we have asked the government to come forward with a clear and comprehensive plan for social care.
We welcome measures which ensure people stay at home, protect our NHS and save lives. But workers need security, and we need more testing of NHS staff and in the community.
I appealed personally to Boris Johnson to act to enforce social distancing earlier today & so I welcome his announcement tonight.Let’s now all work together on the detail of how this will be implemented effectively,which workplaces remain open & financial support for all affected
The Prime Minister is right to call for people to stay at home, protect our NHS and save lives.
NEW We've finally had the Government's amendment to the Coronavirus Bill spelling out its proposals on evictions, and I'm afraid it's now clear Boris Johnson has broken his promise to the country's 20 million renters 1/4 
We need enforced social distancing. We need protective kit for our NHS staff. And we need testing to happen on a mass scale.
Today I spoke with the leader of Islington Council, @RichardWatts01, and Chief Executive about the work being done across the borough to combat coronavirus and support residents impacted by it. Thank you to all the council workers, NHS staff and volunteers working so tirelessly.
We urge the Chancellor @RishiSunak to set out plans to support the incomes of the self-employed and freelancers, and to raise the level of Statutory Sick Pay to a level that people can live on.
Every part of society has its part to play.
Coronavirus Bill - Religious Concerns Burial/Cremation Amendment Over 100 MPs have signed my Amendment, but we need more support. Please share and contact your MP, if they are not listed below 👇🏾 I need your support! 
Many thousands of elderly people are at risk – not just from coronavirus, but from wider neglect, as services struggle to cope.
During the coronavirus outbreak, we all need the best and most up-to-date advice on what we should do to protect ourselves and others. Follow Public Health England  @PHE_uk for the latest updates from our health professionals on COVID-19 
Government advice has created public confusion and too many have failed to carry out social distancing. The government must urgently enforce social distancing and greater social protection. This will keep you safe, your loved ones safe, take pressure off our NHS and save lives.
The government's measures would leave five million self-employed and gig economy workers with just £94.25 a week sick pay. This is simply not enough. Those without a fixed wage must not be left to suffer.
1. Labour as the opposition will continue to try and support the Government’s response to the Covid 19 emergency as best we can. #covid19
This morning I have written to @MattHancock to express our deep concern about the measures in the Coronavirus Bill on #socialcare. Labour has tabled amendments to require local authorities to continue to meet care needs where practicable.
On Friday night I did a live zoom call with local GP, Dr Alistair Blair, to discuss everything to do with the  #Coronavirus pandemic. Wansbeck constituents sent their questions to me & I put them to Dr Blair so he could give advice. Watch here Downwards arrow
4. We urge the government to make immediate preparations for the next stage and learn lessons from other European nations. If voluntary social distancing measures are not adhered to, the government must bring forward their plans for stronger action.
This is why we need a properly funded NHS. 
Boris Johnson should provide economic security for everyone to get through this. That means much more help for the self-employed, renters and workers, improved social security and an increase in sick pay, which the Health Secretary has admitted isn't currently enough to live on.
Truly inspiring to see all the incredible young poets who are taking to the #DigitalStage on #WorldPoetryDay, as  @Eastsidelondon host its #knowwishwill event. Let's listen to our future generations. Watch and share here: https://eastside.org.uk/i-know-i-wish-i-will/digital-stage
I welcome the Chancellor’s shift in direction but unfortunately it’s not far enough or fast enough.
This afternoon I’ve written to the Health Secretary asking for clarity on scaling up testing & contact tracing, speeded up access to PPE for health/care staff and what action will be taken to enforce the vital and urgent social distancing measures that are now needed. #COVID19
Coronavirus exploits ambivalence. Confused briefings and lack of clarity undermine the social distancing measures needed. It’s now time for firmer action from government.
Our #coronavirus plan to protect wages, welfare and well-being: 1) Guarantee wages so no workers or the self-employed lose their jobs 2) Increase sick pay to a rate you can live on 3) Raise benefit levels 4) Ensure no business is left to fail
I appreciate Health Secretary Matt Hancock’s honesty that he couldn't live on statutory sick pay. I hope he'll agree that it needs to be increased to a real living wage, wages need to be guaranteed, social security levels lifted and business grants extended.
Labour has a plan to secure everybody’s wages, welfare and wellbeing. The government needs to take it up.
The Government’s been too slow responding to coronavirus & its impact on our economy & people’s lives. Labour has a plan to keep people in work involving the state covering bulk of wages of people at risk of losing jobs. Now the Govt. needs to take it up:
The Windrush Generation came here to rebuild this country.
We’ve answered some common questions about #coronavirus symptoms, staying at home, and what to do if you live with a vulnerable person. Visit our website for more up to date information: http://nhs.uk/coronavirus
Brilliant to see @GG_Hospitality protecting its workers and offering its rooms to NHS workers. My respect to @GNev2 and so many others around the country putting people before profit.
I've written to the PM about his emergency legislation. For Labour support, we need: 1. A fresh vote on the legislation every 6 months 2. Guarantees on jobs, incomes, sick pay and increased Universal Credit 3. Rent suspension for those affected and a 6-month ban on evictions
The poorest and the most vulnerable paid the highest price for austerity. We cannot allow them to pay the highest price for the #COVID19 crisis as well.
We send our heartfelt appreciation to the NHS staff combatting coronavirus, and to public servants, postal workers and cleaners providing vital support. And we thank people working around the clock to stock our shops and warehouses. You are getting us through this crisis.
Generations to come will look back on this moment and judge us on the actions we take now.
Our NHS staff are battling to protect us, government must protect them: From goggles, gowns, gloves, masks and thermometers we need adequate PPE for all staff across secondary & primary care. Testing must be scaled up urgently for staff. #covid19UK
Our work today will focus on getting government to bring forward an effective package of measures to protect wages for workers laid off, sick & self isolating, self employed and renters. We will try to convince the government not to delay & give people the security they need now.


